
# Changelog of version 0.2

On the 0.2 version, Ray has support for Python 2.7, 3.3 and 3.5! Yey! This is a big deal to the project, because now we can focus on developing new features and writing documentation and no more be concerned about something that Ray already should have.

Also, there is some other minor changes:

### Authentication

We changed how the authentication module works. Now, we're using authentication via JWT (no more cookies). So, the `/api/_login` endpoint returns a token inside the json. This token must be sent inside the Authorization header. Obviously, the token has a time to expire that you can set; to more details check the documentation.

Also, to create a Authentication class, you should put the `@register` decorator on the class. For more details, please, check the documentation.

Finally, you don't need to follow the old structure of sending username and password at the login. When you're inherit the Authentication class, you will receive a dictionary at the login method, so you can do the authentication whatever you want.

```python
class Authentication(object):

    @classmethod
    def authenticate(cls, login_data):
        """
        The login_data parameter is a dictionary that is sent by the user,
        while calling the /api/_login/ endpoint.
        """
```

### Actions

Now, actions can receive query params or dictionary parameters. The object will always be a dictionary, just the source change. If the action comes from a GET url, Ray will trasnform the query parameters to a dictionary and put inside the action method, but if the url is a POST, Ray will get the json inside the body (with content-type: applcation/json) and put inside the method.

```python
class ActionUser(ActionAPI):
    __model__ = UserModel

    @action('/actions_with_parameters')
    def my_parameters(self, model_id, parameters):
        pass
```

### Dependencies and command line

We removed the uwsgi dependency and the command line api to run a Ray application. Now, you just need to run (`python app.py`) the file which import the following line: `from ray.wsgi.wsgi import application`. 
This is a good movement, because in this way, people can use other WSGI servers to run the application (uwsgi, gunicorn, etc).

Since there is no more `ray up` command, the entire ray command line interface was removed.
